Clarify the units (#1628)
nostr-protocol/nips: 44.md

   - Content must be encoded from UTF-8 into byte array
   - Validate plaintext length. Minimum is 1 byte, maximum is 65535 bytes
   - Padding format is: `[plaintext_length: u16][plaintext][zero_bytes]`

>    - Padding algorithm is related to powers-of-two, with min padded msg size of 32bytes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Padding algorithm is related to powers-of-two, with min padded msg size of 32 bytes
```

  - `x[i:j]`, where `x` is a byte array and `i, j <= 0` returns a `(j - i)`-byte array with a copy of the
    `i`-th byte (inclusive) to the `j`-th byte (exclusive) of `x`.
- Constants `c`:

>   - `min_plaintext_size` is 1. 1bytes msg is padded to 32bytes.
>   - `max_plaintext_size` is 65535 (64kB - 1). It is padded to 65536bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `min_plaintext_size` is 1. 1 byte msg is padded to 32 bytes.
  - `max_plaintext_size` is 65535 (64kB - 1). It is padded to 65536 bytes.
```
